>> LILOU: Hello, my
delicious co-creators.
Lilou here.
I'm on the road.
This show is called
"Lilou on the Road"
because I keep on traveling.
I keep on going
around the world,
and here I am in Sri
Lanka wearing a sari.
I love it.
>> YASISURIE KIRIBANDARA: And
looking so beautiful with all
the bright colors.
>> LILOU: I feel like a goddess.
>> KIRIBANDARA: You are.
>> LILOU: This is going to
be a goddess conversation,
I feel it.
>> KIRIBANDARA: It is.
It is definitely.
>> LILOU: So we're going to
have this is a really cool
conversation, because you
have made quite a change
in your life.
And you're this beautiful
designer, clothes designer,
and you bring amazing passions
and creations to this world.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes.
>> LILOU: Totally inspired,
totally about consciousness
and living love and life
and this juicy life.
You're living it.
You're embodying it.
You're seeing
changes in your life.
And I think we're all
making this change.
There is signs of it.
It's a little bit, and for
some people it's a lot more
and getting quicker and faster,
and big downloads for you, huh?
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes.
Big downloads, huge,
massive downloads.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
So you were awarded last week.
There is the-- Colombo is the
main city here in Sri Lanka.
So you were awarded, tell us,
in this Colombo Fashion Week.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes.
This time during
Colombo Fashion Week, I
was awarded as the
Gen-Next Designer, which
means the most promising
designer for the future
to look out for.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
So that's exciting.
First of all, I didn't even
know that there was the Fashion
Week here happening, and
then to be witnessing this
and to see talents like you
that are into the healing
and at the same time that
have this creation, that
have this creativity
and receive it,
we have a lot to learn from you.
So I'm looking forward
to this conversation.
Where were you at before?
Or where are you at now?
Can we look at both
the before and the
after to kind of
see the difference
and to see where we're at?
Because we're pretty much
going through the same thing,
I guess.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
Yeah.
OK.
It's a long story
and a long journey.
But before, I
guess you could say
that I became
interested in fashion
somewhere around maybe
when I was about 21,
and I started studying fashion.
Up until that point, I was,
but I wasn't that much.
But suddenly it was if a light
switch had gone off in my head.
And it was like I
need to stop all this
and start studying fashion.
And then I knew it, and then
everything fell into place
for it, and I started
studying fashion.
>> LILOU: Here in Sri Lanka.
>> KIRIBANDARA:
Here in Sri Lanka,
but it was a British
qualification.
And the-- it was under
Edexcel BTEC in the UK,
so they had the
lecturers come down,
and there's a school here
that does the teaching, right?
>> LILOU: Yeah.
>> KIRIBANDARA: So I did not
have even the finances at that
point to support my education.
And then overnight this friend
just comes up to me and says,
I know you want money for
something and here's the money,
and just gives me raw cash.
And the following day
was the day, last day,
to pay for the school fees
or else I would not get in.
So the following day, early
morning, I just went and paid.
And the friend who came, gave
me the money never even wanted
the money back.
So you could say right from
day one it was ordained to be.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
Divine.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Exactly.
Divine intervention.
>> LILOU: Yes.
Yes.
>> KIRIBANDARA: So I went.
I studied.
It was a beautiful experience.
And during the time when
I was studying fashion,
obviously you go into--
creativity opens up,
you up into a
different awareness
or a different awareness
opens you up into creativity.
It's interconnected.
You cannot separate it.
And I was more
into spirituality,
although I was a born
Buddhist and then
we came from a very orthodox
Buddhist kind of family.
And then it's like do
this, don't do that,
and stick to the Five Precepts
and that kind of background.
>> LILOU: Lots of
Buddhists in this country?
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah,
majority Buddhists.
I would say about 75% Buddhists.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
I love seeing those big Buddhas.
It's cool.
They're everywhere.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah,
they're everywhere here.
But it's more of a very
religious kind of background,
a very religious kind
of Buddhist background.
>> LILOU: Strict, with
rules and regulations.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
So I wanted to break away.
And then I was looking
into-- I was going to church,
and I was going to
the Hindu temples.
I was going into these
meditation programs,
and I was reading
a lot on stuff.
I was reading on the different
treatise of different names.
I've read everything you could
say, almost, not everything.
There's so much.
>> LILOU: What
were you searching?
>> KIRIBANDARA: I was searching
for the truth, I suppose.
I was searching
for something that
made me feel as if I was home.
And I've been searching
since I was 21
until a couple of months
ago, and at that point
then I found Sai Baba.
So I went to India.
I started doing all that.
I became a vegetarian.
I stopped-- I stopped, you
know-- because Sai Baba speaks
of-- he doesn't
speak of religion,
but he speaks of,
like, spirituality,
but strict disciplinarian.
So I went into all that.
>> LILOU: Then that
becomes a religion.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Exactly.
That's what happened.
And then I would meditate,
get up early at 4 o'clock,
5 o'clock in the
morning, meditate.
So college finished, meanwhile.
College finished, and
I started working.
And then I was working in
the garment export trade
and designing and developing
for huge brands in the US,
such as Ann Taylor, Reebok,
Nike, Calvin Klein, some
of the biggest, biggest
retailers that you could find.
Next in the UK as well, Next,
Wallis, brands such as that.
I was working in the industry
for, like, seven years,
and during that time my
spiritual journey was that,
OK, I was looking, and I
was finding certain things,
and I was getting more and more
into meditation, into reiki,
into yoga, more into the
Vedantic path of things.
At one point, I would
only wear white,
meditate for eight hours
a day, eat one meal a day,
and not leave my room.
So it became so intense
that I went into--
>> LILOU: So you were
not living life anymore.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
I was not living life
anymore, basically.
And at that point, I
thought, OK, this is it.
I found it.
This is it.
I'm happy.
But I always had this kind
of feeling in my heart
that something was missing,
that it was not all perfect.
So along comes--
And then at one point,
after seven years,
I just let go of my job,
because I felt that, you know,
this is not-- because the work
was very hectic on its own
as well.
So I thought, OK, fine.
It's time to let go of my job.
So I let go of my job,
and then suddenly I
was without any money.
I was without anything.
And then comes-- the depression
sets in, because suddenly, you
know, everything, everybody's
like, why aren't you working?
You studied, you worked so hard,
and the pressure and all that.
So it was like a very
dark period of my life.
And in your darkest corner is
where you truly find light,
and that really happened to me.
And I went into, like,
you could say I was
really depressed in a way.
And then to add to that,
my father passed away.
So that kind of took everything
to the lowest possible place
ever.
So when my father passed
away, I found strength
like I never did,
and I prayed to God.
I can remember I just
let go of everything.
I forgot all the spiritual
doctrines that were in my head.
I let go of everything that
I've known my entire life.
I just let go.
And I thought, you know what?
If this had worked, this
wouldn't be the product.
This would not be the product.
I knew deep inside of me
that something was wrong.
That and although I
was in this illusion
that everything was perfect
in my spiritual life,
because what the
practices did was build up
the ego up to a very, very
high level, so much so
that reality gets distorted.
That's what happened.
So I let go.
[DOG BARKING OFFSCREEN]
>> KIRIBANDARA: I just let go.
And at that point, I just
prayed ernestly, and I said--
>> LILOU: We have
a dog friend here.
That was actually during
the interview with Kirby
it just, like, ran, and the
microphone and the camera all
went-- But that's part of life.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
Enjoying And so at that
point, I just let go,
and I just earnestly prayed.
I said, God help me.
That's all I said.
God help me.
And suddenly I just felt
let go, so I let go.
I let go of everything,
and I've never
felt more free in my life.
I felt so free,
like myself again.
And I thought, OK,
this is something.
This is going to work.
And suddenly, I come
across Kirby by accident,
purely by accident, which
is grace, of course,
but in that consciousness I
thought it was an accident.
And I came and I did
the seven-day program,
and I joined his community.
And oh my god, I have
never ever felt freer
than I have-- I mean if--
This is the most freedom I've
experienced in my entire life.
>> LILOU: Tell us how
you live life now.
What is for you, I
mean, how-- because I've
heard great things
about how things just
click from one things to the
next and how they evolve.
So, you know, how do
you-- where are you
at in this consciousness?
How do you live daily life?
You pray?
You still pray?
You still have conversations,
or it just happens?
>> KIRIBANDARA: Now life
is completely turned over,
180 degrees you would say.
I'm living now, I'm living and
enjoying and just letting go
and just experiencing everything
and experiencing every moment
to the fullest that I can.
And the joy and the
abundance of the universe
is in experiencing everything
and not letting go of anything,
not choosing, saying this
is right and that is wrong,
this is correct and that's
not correct, this is good
and that is bad.
Who are we to judge?
We're just here to
experience and enjoy.
So that's what I'm doing.
I'm experiencing,
and I'm enjoying.
Because judgment
brings condemnation.
And so we are not here to judge.
We were not put here to judge.
We were put here to experience.
And now, I mean,
my creativity has
flourished like it
has never before.
And I cannot even
say my creativity,
because I don't feel like it's
my creativity, to be honest.
I went in front of the people
that day, and I was thinking,
you know, I'm
getting this award,
but I don't really feel as if
I did anything, I honestly,
I mean, because this--
>> LILOU: You didn't even
know how it happened, really,
did you?
>> KIRIBANDARA: No.
It just gets downloaded.
>> LILOU: Show us that little
top, to give an example.
Because here we have the flower
of life on Gaiam TV you know,
so it's quite interesting
that you have this--
you chose that one.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
This is from the
recent collection
that I showcased at Colombo
Fashion Week last week,
and this got so much
of a-- such a response.
And I was the only designer who
was speaking of consciousness
and God, and the music
was gospel and all that.
But still, and in a
country where 75% Buddhist,
the response--
>> LILOU: That's
pretty bold, yeah.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
It was overwhelming.
Because it's who I am.
It's what I am, and I
need to be true to it.
So how can I live myself
otherwise, but only
by being true to myself, right?
So I thought, OK, fine.
Even before I came
here, I told Kirby
I'm going to talk
about immortality.
I'm going to talk about
life, because that's
what my designs are about.
It's about immortality.
It's about life.
Because I believe that
the universe is here
to give everybody life,
that we are too concerned
about the negativity, that we
are too concerned about what's
wrong and not focusing on
what's right and what's amazing
and what's beautiful.
If we all get together and
put our focus on the positive
and just take our heads
away from the negative,
this world will just
change into being something
so amazing and so
beautiful simply
because of the consciousness.
>> LILOU: Yet you seem aware
of what's going on on Earth.
There's some challenges
and problems.
But you're-- it's not that
you're seeing all positive.
It's just that you're living
life without holding judgment
and enjoying it, seeing love
everywhere in everything.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes, definitely.
Because it's not that I'm
living in my own little bubble.
>> LILOU: No, I don't feel
you're that way at all,
so that's why I just want to
make this distinction so we can
all understand.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
I understand.
I truly understand
that, you know.
But I also understand
that what you
see in life, what you
experiencing in life
is what's in your heart.
What you see around
you is what you
have within you that
gets projected outside.
So the most beautiful thing
is surrendering, surrendering
to the universe, to
have its plan unfold.
That's what's been happening
to me for the last five,
six months.
And when that happens, there's
this infinite faith, trust,
joy, peace, complete peace.
And everything that you do,
it's complete synchronicity.
Everything just
falls into place.
And it's not like you're
planning, you're working.
So the ego gets subdued,
but your life gets full on.
It gets magnified.
Life in itself gets magnified.
Life gets magnified in the
face when ego gets smaller.
Because when you're
always trying
to think and control and
think that you're doing--
>> LILOU: It's a lot of work.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Exactly.
And just let go and have fun.
That's what I'm doing
with my designs.
with my creation.
I'm just following what
God tells me to do.
That's what I'm doing.
It's nothing that I'm doing.
It's what He does, and He just
tells me, do this, do that,
and I just do it.
That's it.
>> LILOU: Do you
receive downloads?
>> KIRIBANDARA:
Yeah, I see visions,
sometimes open-eyed
visions, sometimes dreams.
I hear angels come and
talk to me and tell me-- I
hear voices saying, you
should do this, you should do
that, things like that.
Sometimes it's like one word and
I need to decipher what it is,
but then I get the
message of what it is.
>> LILOU: Some of
the new collection?
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
Yes, including that.
>> LILOU: Things like that.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
And colors.
I get images that I see, so it's
always downlo-- silhouettes.
Everything.
It's mostly visions,
mostly visions.
And mostly what I see,
so even sometimes when
I'm talking to somebody, I
would see something right
in front of my eye, and
then you would see me
like making a face.
That's because I'm seeing
something else as well.
And so it gets transferred,
and then somehow it
manifests in the 3D as a
collection or as a garment
or as a design.
So everything is ordained
by the universe, basically.
Everything is planned, ordained,
executed by the universe.
>> LILOU: And the fact that
you pray on this and you did it
from that level of
awareness and of vibration,
it impacts automatically others.
I mean, those are products,
those are like vibrations,
those are things that you put
out and then transforms others
in the process.
How does that work?
Because we can all pretty much--
somebody baking bread can learn
from what you're going to
say, somebody interviewing,
somebody writing, somebody
painting, somebody babysitting,
moming.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah, correct.
Because everything
I do is in prayer.
You could say that from morning
till night my entire day
is in prayer.
I have scriptures
going on in my head,
and sometimes I
don't even know why
those scriptures are
going into my head.
But it's like, it's
just going in my head.
I can see it in
front of my eyes,
and it's just
going into my head.
So I'm always aware of the word.
It's the word that edifies me.
It's the word that
runs in my head.
And word is my
prayer, basically.
And when I finished
the collection,
I was asked by God to pray
over them, so I followed Him.
And I prayed over
them, and I prayed
that the consciousness of the
ones who wear this will be
elevated into a different
awareness all together
and that God's plans or the
universe's plans would unfold
and bring into
maximum frutation.
So if you're wearing
it, your consciousness
would get elevated
so that everything
that the universe wants to give
you would manifest completely.
Because sometimes it can
get manifested 30%, 60%, 90%
in different variations,
but the most beauty
is when we allow it to
manifest in its fullest.
>> LILOU: That's a
whole other level.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah,
that's a whole other level.
It's a journey, again.
>> LILOU: Trusting too.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
It's believing.
It's trusting.
It's faith.
Because without trust,
faith, or believing,
nothing would work out.
If I don't have faith
in you that this
would be an amazing interview,
it wouldn't work out.
It's faith.
If you don't have faith in
me, it wouldn't work out.
So same relationship that
we have in day-to-day lives
is what gets transcended
into the relationship we
have with the
universe, the creator.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
>> KIRIBANDARA:
I know it's hard,
because it's invisible
most of the time.
But that's also the beauty
of it, the mystery of it.
Isn't it a mystery?
Isn't it a beautiful mystery?
>> LILOU: Yeah.
And when you don't have that
in a relationship or at work,
do you transform that?
Are you just being with
it until it transforms,
or do you think we can have
an influence, influence it?
>> KIRIBANDARA: You mean if a
relationship doesn't carry that
vibration?
If a relationship--
>> LILOU: Like whatever
relationship it is, at work,
romance.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
If a relationship
doesn't have it,
so far it's been
pretty smooth sailing.
But there have been-- there are
situations where somebody would
have a different opinion
or would do something
that you don't think is
agreeable or whatever.
But then what you
do again is rest.
Because just as you do--
Everything that I do
is with rest.
I don't do things.
I rest, and God
takes care of things.
So everything is
rest, enjoy, have fun.
And so if somebody, okay, say--
>> LILOU: Let it be, kind of.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah,
and it works out.
Recently, one of my sewing
ladies, machine operators,
she burned one of the outfits.
So she got so upset,
and she started crying.
I said, no, it's fine.
Don't cry.
I was pacifying her.
I said, don't worry.
It'll work out.
And we had run
out of the fabric.
But ultimately, we
changed the design.
And I got this message from
God saying change it like this.
Do it like this.
And it was more beautiful
than what it was before.
So within the
negativity, if you rest,
there is something more positive
that comes out of it, if only
you allow it to blossom.
If only you have the patience
or the trust or the faith,
it blossoms into something more
magnificent and more beautiful
than you could ever imagine.
So that's what I do.
If somebody says this
is right or this is not
right or disagrees with
me, I would say, OK, fine.
That's fine.
And I would trust
God and just wait.
And God would work
things out in such a way
that everything would
be just perfect.
>> LILOU: This is quite very
different than what we were
brought up.
And I think it's the case
for anybody living in the US
or Europe or Sri
Lanka, apparently.
So it's very refreshing
to hear this point of view
being the same and consciousness
really expanding everywhere,
everywhere on this planet.
I'm thrilled.
And sometimes we compare things,
one thing verses the next,
but this is unlimited, available
to all of us at any time.
>> KIRIBANDARA: And
that's what it is.
It's so ready to serve us.
It's so ready to look after
us, take care of everything.
So why must we feel that
we need to do anything?
Why must we?
Because at the end of the day,
we are all connected through
infinite energy, which, you
know, the 3D eye cannot see.
But we're all connected.
We're all connected
with each other,
we're all connected
with the universe,
and we are all part of that
one string that comes down.
So if what we can see is
from this plane of existence,
but what He can see is from a
much higher level of awareness.
So if we trust that,
then the plan that
is meant to unfold truly unfolds
in our lives and around us
in everything, in relationships,
marriage, money, finances,
jobs, creativity, everything,
health, youth, vitality,
beauty, in everything.
One of the things
was that, I mean,
people cannot even
tell my age anymore.
>> LILOU: It is
hard to tell, yeah.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
How old do you think I am?
>> LILOU: I have no idea.
I don't know.
Maybe-- I have no idea.
I have no idea.
>> KIRIBANDARA: I'm 35.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
I was going to be
in that range, yeah.
Yeah.
That's good.
No, you're ageless.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah, exactly.
>> LILOU: I was
going to point there,
but it's just an intuition.
Because we can be intuitive too.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes, of course.
Definitely.
But you cannot say
from the outside.
>> LILOU: No.
>> KIRIBANDARA: You cannot
say from the outside.
>> LILOU: It's an
interesting thing, yeah.
We can't say it
from the outside.
It just has to come from
the heart, like intel.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yeah.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
>> KIRIBANDARA: That's the
beauty of consciousness,
because it changes
not only your inside.
It changes how you are
on the outside, how
your physical being
is, how everything is,
your strength, your
vitality, your energy,
the way you look at
things, everything.
It transcends into
every level of you,
into every being of you.
Because most of
the time, I think
we're taught that
spirituality is different
and life is different
and, you know,
don't mix the two,
that kind of mentality.
But to me, it's seamless.
It's seamless.
It cannot be separated.
Because how can
you be-- what you
believe in spirituality
is what gets transcended
into your work, into your
life, into your speech,
into your actions,
into everything.
And if you be--
And what I believe in
is life, life abundant,
life living to the
fullest, and life immortal.
So when I believe
in immortality,
that word in itself
carries so much energy
that immortality gets
transcended into everything.
That's why two months to three
months later, I'm having awards
and all this, because
immortality, it
carries such a high vibration,
because it doesn't allow death
in any way.
>> LILOU: But death doesn't
really happen anyway.
The soul goes through in spirit.
>> KIRIBANDARA:
Yeah, that's correct,
but we don't believe
in that either.
We believe that the
bodies get transformed.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
>> KIRIBANDARA: That's the
revelation that we've been
getting, that the bodies are
going to get transformed,
that there's going to be a
new kind of human that's going
to appear.
So my-- I don't believe
that I'm going to die
and my soul is going
to get transcended.
I believe that my physical
body is going to--
That's why we're not eating.
We don't need to eat.
We're going through this
whole breatharian thing.
I don't get hungry anymore.
I don't feel sleepy.
There's so much
of energy, right?
And the physical body in
itself, the DNA in itself
is transforming.
And I've been given visions
of it as well since of late.
I've been seeing my
DNA being transformed.
I know that.
And that DNA
transformation is what
gets translated into everything
else, because it's immortal.
So there is no way but up.
There is no way for it
to go but everything
to work out, because you are
putting life in its fullest
into everything, so
be it a relationship,
be it to your marriage, be it
your job, your work, speech,
beauty, anything, anything.
It's going to be
perfection, because that's
how God created us.
That's how we are meant
to be, perfection.
There has been some sort
of a backdrop in the past,
but perfection is
now manifesting.
I don't know how soon
it will manifest,
but it is manifesting.
I can tell you that much.
That's what I've
been experiencing.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
Do you feel that Sri Lanka is
at the forefront of something
like that happening
in the world?
>> KIRIBANDARA: Definitely.
>> LILOU: I love it, because
with these interviews,
I get to have that
in every country.
I go to Mexico, I have it.
It's here.
I have it in France.
Oh, it's happening in France.
I'm in Paris, the heart.
This is the city of the heart.
And then I have it in Spain.
I love it.
So we have it in Sri Lanka.
There is a vortex.
It's happening here.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes,
it's definitely Colombo.
>> LILOU: Yes.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Because the
revelations that Kirby's been
getting, the revelations
that we've been getting,
the experiences-- it's
not just the revelations.
It is the physical
experiences that we've
been getting about it-- has
been so profound and so almost
unbelievable, you could say,
because it's so different.
And sometimes even when I take a
step back, I'm like, oh my god.
It's been such a crazy
journey up to this point,
and I know it's going
to get even crazier.
I know this is
just the beginning.
I know it's going to
get even more crazier.
Even my business,
like the networking
that I've been having is crazy.
People from Australia who've
never even heard of me
are calling me up
and saying, I want
to start selling your
garments in Australia.
And I'm getting
people in the UK.
I don't have any
kind of publicity
or any kind of PR happening
in those countries, so
how are they getting to
know about my designs?
Don't you think?
It's supernatural.
Everything in our lives that's
happening is supernatural.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
And I feel this happens when
we do things through love,
you know?
This is magic.
It's just really, it's, I
mean-- What I'm going through,
what some people watching
here are going through,
this is happening all
around the world, you know.
And I get that some people get
some download and everything,
but it's like it's
really happening.
On an international
level, we're feeling this.
And it's quickening, huh?
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes.
It's quickening.
It's quickening very fast.
And love is the
basis of everything
that I have just spoke of.
Love is the absolute basis.
If you say God, if
you say universe,
you could say it equals to love.
And that's all there is
at the end of the day.
That is all there is.
Even if you say immortality,
life, whatever you can call it,
that springs from love.
Love is the reason.
Love is the main thing.
And love is why we
create or we do things
or we speak or we
talk or we heal.
Whatever we do is love.
Because right now, I think
I'm not experiencing my love.
I'm experiencing His love.
And His love is something that
is far more profound and far
more unique-- I'm getting
emotional-- unique and very,
very personalized.
So you say there's seven
billion people on this planet,
and I don't know how many
million or billion animals
and trees and other beings that
you cannot see through the 3D
eye, but God loves each and
every one of them individually,
personally, beautifully.
And how everything in each
one of our lives transcends
is because of the love,
right from conception
up until to where we want to go.
And, you know, death only
happens because we want it,
because we prepare for it.
It's because God
gives us a choice.
It's like, you choose.
You choose what you want.
And because you choose
death, death happens.
If you don't choose death,
if you choose only life,
if it's like, you know,
I want to live forever,
that's all that
happens in your life,
because that is
your consciousness,
and God wants to give
you what you want.
If you're looking at it from
a personal point of view,
God gives you what you want.
>> LILOU: And God is in us too.
>> KIRIBANDARA: God is not
somebody who is external.
God is somebody who
lives within us.
God is us, you could say.
So that's why said,
I think I said
before the universe is you.
So that is something
that is within you,
that dwells within you.
>> LILOU: I just
wanted to confirm that.
Because same thing in Kirby's,
because it's always He,
Him, Him, His.
The communication
doesn't go always through
to understand that it's
also in us, so thank you.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes.
That's why it's so
personal, because it
is-- He is within you.
He's not somebody who is,
like, outside and standing
and, you know
like, all whatever.
He is within you, and
He's within all of us.
It's just that if we are aware
of it, we are awakened to it,
and then let Him do
everything within us,
and then we don't let the
little I do things, that
is the difference, the
difference between the little I
and Him.
And let Him manifest
in us in everywhere.
So if you can say the
consciousness that I've
been experiencing, the
creativity, the awards,
the recognition, the orders
that are coming from overseas,
that is all Him
manifesting in my life.
That is me allowing
Him to take over.
So that's the ego
going down, resting
in God, who is within you,
and letting Him take over.
>> LILOU: I look forward to
having this conversation in few
years time, you know, when
you'll be in New York.
We'll maybe interviewing
in New York, no?
>> KIRIBANDARA: I receive that.
I receive that.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Definitely.
>> LILOU: You got that.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes.
>> LILOU: I received it for you.
>> LILOU: We'll just be standing
there in one of your new--
>> KIRIBANDARA: Shows.
>> LILOU: Shows.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Definitely.
>> LILOU: Or stores.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes.
Yes, why not?
Stores.
>> LILOU: It's been a
pleasure meeting you.
Thank you so much, an honor.
>> KIRIBANDARA: It's been an
honor and a pleasure meeting
you, too.
Thank you so much, and God
bless you with everything
that you want to do, everything.
>> LILOU: Thank you.
I receive that.
Big, big kisses to all of you.
And same for all beautiful
co-creators watching this, too.
>> KIRIBANDARA: Yes.
Thank you very much.
>> LILOU: Thank you.
Big, big kisses from
beautiful Sri Lanka.
Bye bye.